Add changes for edge-21.1.2 (#5538)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-21.1.2

> This edge release continues the work on de-coupling non-core Linkerd components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This edge release continues the work on decoupling non-core Linkerd components.
```

> Commands that use the viz-extension i.e `dashboard`, `edges`, `routes`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands that use the viz-extension i.e. `dashboard`, `edges`, `routes`,
```

`stat`, `tap` and `top` are moved to the `viz` sub-command. These commands are still

> available under root but are marked depreciated and will be removed in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available under root but are marked deprecated and will be removed in a
```

later stable release.

This release also features proxy's dependencies upgrade to the

> Tokio v1 ecosystem.

Author: Hmm, I went with the wording because as per #5531, It felt more about upgrading to dependencies that also use tokio 1.0 hence the ecosystem, 🤔

> Tokio v1 ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: Gotcha yea so maybe keep ecosystem part? `This release also upgrades the proxy's dependencies to the Tokio v1 ecosystem`

> Tokio v1 ecosystem.

Author: Updated.

> * Moves sub-commands that use the viz-extension under `viz`

Reviewer: As per the [style guide](https://github.com/BuoyantIO/buoyant-internal/blob/main/ops/linkerd2-release/style-guide.md),  bullet point verbs should be in past tense

```suggestion
* Moved sub-commands that use the viz-extension under `viz`
```

> * Ignore pods with status.phase=Succeeded when watching IP addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Started ignoring pods with status.phase=Succeeded when watching IP addresses
```

> * Started ignoring pods with status.phase=Succeeded when watching IP addresses

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Started ignoring pods with `Succeeded` status when watching IP addresses
```

>   in destination. This is useful for re-use of IPs of terminated pods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  in destination. This allows the re-use of IPs of terminated pods
```

* Support Bring your own Jaeger use-case by adding `collector.jaegerAddr` in

>   the jaeger extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the Jaeger extension.
```

* Fixed an issue with the generation of working manifests in the
  `podAntiAffinity` use-case
* Added support for the modification of proxy resources in the viz

>   extension through `Values.yaml` in Helm and flags in CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  extension through `values.yaml` in Helm and flags in CLI.
```

> * Better error reporting for port-forward logic with namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved error reporting for port-forward logic with namespace
```

  and pod data, used across dashboard, checks, etc
  (thanks @piyushsingariya)
* Added support to disable the rendering of `linkerd-viz` namespace
  resource in the viz extension (thanks @nlamirault)

> * Make service-profile generation work offline with `--ignore-cluster`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Made service-profile generation work offline with `--ignore-cluster`
```

  flag (thanks @piyushsingariya)
* Proxy's Tap API is disabled by default and it is enabled only when
  `LINKERD2_PROXY_TAP_SVC_NAME` configuration is set. This means that

>   `LINKERD2_PROXY_TAP_DISABLED` is no longer honored

Reviewer 2: I'm back and forth on if this should be included? If users are adding these values and then manually injecting, then maybe this is _user facing_, but I doubt that's very common.

Also, it may be a little confusing because users can actually still disable tap, but that's through an annotation (`config.linkerd.io/disable-tap`) on the pod or the namespace.

Since nothing about the annotation has changed, I think maybe it's okay to leave this out, but definitely not a blocker!

Reviewer 3: +1 I don't think this is user-facing.

Author: Removed this
